Amity Institute of Organic Agriculture
http://www.amity.edu/aioa/Contact-Us.asp
Kisan P.G. College
http://www.kpgcollege.org/contact.html
Noida International University
https://niu.edu.in/school-of-sciences/
Shobhit Institute of Engineering and Technology
http://www.shobhituniversity.ac.in/contact.php
College of Biotechnology
http://www.svbpmeerut.ac.in/departments_of_college_of_biotechnology.html
College of Veterinary and Animal Science
http://www.svbpmeerut.ac.in/departments_of_college_of_veterinary_and_animal_science.html
College of Agriculture
http://www.svbpmeerut.ac.in/departments_of_college_of_agriculture.html
Sunrise University
http://www.sunriseuniversity.in/contact_us.html
Faculty of Agricultural Sciences
https://agri.sgtuniversity.ac.in/dean/
Faculty of Agricultural Sciences
https://medical.sgtuniversity.ac.in/dean/
National Research Centre for Integrated Pest Management (NCIPM)
https://collegedunia.com/college/6680-national-centre-for-integrated-pest-management-ncipm-new-delhi/faculty
Monad University
http://www.monad.edu.in/contactus.php
Rama University
https://www.ramauniversity.ac.in/Contact-US-20
Chandra Bhanu Gupta Krishi Mahavidyalaya
http://cbgagcollege.org/ContactUs.aspx
Department of Biotechnology
http://182.18.165.51/VWTeacher_Data.aspx?uid=217
Department of Biotechnology
http://182.18.165.51/VWTeacher_Data.aspx?uid=155
Department of Botany
http://182.18.165.51/VWTeacher_Data.aspx?uid=157
Department of Botany
http://182.18.165.51/VWTeacher_Data.aspx?uid=158
Department of Mathematics and Statistics
http://182.18.165.51/VWTeacher_Data.aspx?uid=180
Department of Mathematics and Statistics
http://182.18.165.51/VWTeacher_Data.aspx?uid=182
Department of Zoology
http://182.18.165.51/VWTeacher_Data.aspx?uid=191
Department of Zoology
http://182.18.165.51/VWTeacher_Data.aspx?uid=190
Narendra Deva University of Agriculture and Technology
https://www.nduat.org/contact-us.php
Khalsa College
http://khalsacollege.edu.in/index.php
RIMT University
http://rimt.ac.in/apply-now.php
Rayat-Bahra University
https://www.rayatbahrauniversity.edu.in/university-school-of-sciences/contact-info/
Desh Bhagat Engineering College
http://www.deshbhagatuniversity.in/ContactUs
Invertis University
https://www.invertisuniversity.ac.in/contact/
Teerthanker Mahaveer University
http://tmu.ac.in/college-of-agriculture-sciences/our-faculty/
Faculty of Agriculture
http://www.upcollege.org/Faculty.aspx?ID=18
Faculty of Science
http://www.upcollege.org/Faculty.aspx?ID=19
Institute of Agricultural Science and Technology
http://iul.ac.in/faculty/DIIAST/FacultyMember.aspx
Sri Mahesh Prasad Degree College
http://mpdc.in/contact.html
Baba Bariyar Shah Mahavidyalaya
http://www.bbscollege.org.in/contactus.htm
Department of Agronomy
http://gocharmahavidyalaya.ac.in/index.php/faculty-of-agriculture/
Department of Genetics and Plant Breeding
http://gocharmahavidyalaya.ac.in/index.php/department-of-agriculture-botany-genetics-plant-breeding/
Department of Entomology
http://gocharmahavidyalaya.ac.in/index.php/department-of-entomology/
Department of Horticulture
http://gocharmahavidyalaya.ac.in/index.php/department-of-horticulture/
Department of Plant Pathology
http://gocharmahavidyalaya.ac.in/index.php/department-of-plant-pathology/
Department of Botany
http://gocharmahavidyalaya.ac.in/index.php/department-of-botany/
Department of Zoology
http://gocharmahavidyalaya.ac.in/index.php/department-of-zoology/
Smt. Genda Devi Mahavidhyalaya
http://www.sgdm.org/contact-us/
Mohammad Ali Jauhar University
http://www.jauharuniversity.edu.in/contact-us.aspx
Faculty of Science
https://www.svuniversity.edu.in/faculty?college=science&did=Fishery
Glocal University
http://www.gsoa.ac.in/faculty.php
Department of Agronomy
http://www.jvc.ac.in/teacher-details.asp?teacherid=52
Department of Genetics and Plant Breeding
http://www.jvc.ac.in/teacher-details.asp?teacherid=137
Department of Horticulture
http://www.jvc.ac.in/teacher-details.asp?teacherid=124
Department of Botany
http://www.jvc.ac.in/teacher-details.asp?teacherid=12
Department of Statistics
http://www.jvc.ac.in/teacher-details.asp?teacherid=24
Department of Zoology
http://www.jvc.ac.in/teacher-details.asp?teacherid=36
Department of Agronomy
http://www.tdcollege.org/ProfileDetails.aspx?ProfileId=41
Department of Animal Husbandary and Dairy
http://www.tdcollege.org/ProfileDetails.aspx?ProfileId=33
Department of Plant Pathology
http://www.tdcollege.org/ProfileDetails.aspx?ProfileId=39
Rani Lakshmi Bai Central Agricultural University
http://www.rlbcau.ac.in/contact-us.php
Banda University of Agriculture and Technology
http://buat.edu.in/about-university/administration/
Department of Agriculture
http://pimt.in/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/rajesh-1.jpg
Department of Agriculture
https://www.khalsacollegepatiala.org/dept/facultyprofile/kcp057
Agronomy
https://www.khalsacollegepatiala.org/dept/facultyprofile/kcp073
Agronomy
https://www.khalsacollegepatiala.org/dept/facultyprofile/kcp254
Genetics and Plant Breeding
https://www.khalsacollegepatiala.org/dept/facultyprofile/kcp228
Soil Science
https://www.khalsacollegepatiala.org/dept/facultyprofile/kcp224
Mata Gujri College
http://www.matagujricollege.org/our_contacts.php
SGGS Khalsa College
http://sggskcm.org/contact-us/
Tara Vivek College
http://www.taravivekcollege.com/Contact.html
Dolphin PG College of Science & Agriculture
http://dolphinlifesciences.com/department-faculties/#
Department of Agricuture Sciences
https://www.davuniversity.org/department/department-of-agriculture-department-faculty.aspx
Department of Botany and Environmental studies
https://www.davuniversity.org/department/department-of-botany-department-faculty.aspx
Department of Biochemistry
https://www.davuniversity.org/department/department-of-biochemistry-department-faculty.aspx
Department of Biotechnology
https://www.davuniversity.org/department/department-of-biotechnology-department-faculty.aspx
Department of Zoology
https://www.davuniversity.org/department/department-of-zoology-department-faculty.aspx
Department of Microbiology
https://www.davuniversity.org/department/department-of-microbiology-department-faculty.aspx
Department of Mathematics
https://www.davuniversity.org/department/department-of-mathematics-department-faculty.aspx
University College of Agriculture
https://www.gurukashiuniversity.in/directory.php
Department of Agriculture
http://sggswu.edu.in/department/detail/Department_of_Agriculture
Department of Botany and Environmental Science
http://sggswu.edu.in/department/detail/department_of_environmental_science_botany
Department of Mathematics
http://sggswu.edu.in/department/detail/department-of-maths
Department of Zoology
http://sggswu.edu.in/department/detail/department_of_zoology
Department of Biotechnology
http://sggswu.edu.in/department/detail/dept-of-biotech
Government Mohindra College
http://govtmohindracollege.in/contact-us/
Asian Educational Institute
http://asianedu.org/contactus.html
Global Institute
http://www.globalinstitutes.edu.in/contactus.aspx
Agronomy
http://www.mpkv.ac.in/WebSiteData.aspx?Dept=Departments&&List=1
Animal Science and Dairy Science
http://www.mpkv.ac.in/WebSiteData.aspx?Dept=Departments&&List=2
Agricultural Botany
http://www.mpkv.ac.in/WebSiteData.aspx?Dept=Departments&&List=71
Bio-chemistry
http://www.mpkv.ac.in/WebSiteData.aspx?Dept=Departments&&List=76
Horticulture
http://www.mpkv.ac.in/WebSiteData.aspx?Dept=Departments&&List=78
School of Agriculture Science
https://www.ycmou.ac.in/staff/index/2
School of Health Science
https://www.ycmou.ac.in/staff/index/7
Anand Niketan College of Agriculture
http://www.ancagri.in/contact.htm
Dr. Balasaheb Sawant Konkan Krishi Vidyapeeth
http://www.dbskkv.org/Email%20ID.html
KK Wagh College of Agriculture
http://agri.kkwagh.edu.in/faculty.aspx
Ramkrishna Bajaj College of Agriculture
http://rbca.shikshamandal.org/?page_id=100
Vasantrao Naik Marathwada Krishi Vidyapeeth
http://vnmkv.ac.in/contact.htm
Vivekanand college of agriculture
https://targetstudy.com/institute/56790/vivekanand-college-of-agriculture/
College of agriculture
https://collegedunia.com/college/6571-college-of-agriculture-pune/faculty
Agronomy
https://www.pdkv.ac.in/?page_id=5094&id=1#sthash.PEc2Wltc.dpbs
Horticulture
https://www.pdkv.ac.in/?page_id=5094&id=267#sthash.zpc7u0g8.dpbs
Sharadchandraji Pawar College of Agriculture
http://www.sahyadriagri.org/sharadchanraji-pawar-college-of-agricuture/
Shri Shivaji College of Agricultural Biotechnology
https://www.sscab.org/pages/Contact.html
Shri Shivaji College of Horticulture
http://shivajihorticulture.org/pages/contact.htm
Shri Shivaji Agriculture College
http://ssacpdkv.org/pages/courses.htm
Shri Shivaji Agriculture College
http://ssacpdkv.org/pages/contact.htm
